here's my rough country six-inch long
arm kit I just put a rear Locker in it
I'm real happy with the kit works right
a couple of mods I did to it I've put
actually a little longer shock in their
back and I think has great flex in the
front has the 2.2 Rough Country shocks
which are actually extended the top of
them about two and a half or two inches
bottom row hopper where the thing works
great it's got lots of great flex see
there it's got 36 super swampers on it
back to talk to in real nice stuff nice
fronts got great flex to it sway bars
disconnected still got the original 2.2
Rough Country shocks on it but like I
said I just extended the top of them
about two inches I'm real happy with the
catch it's great it's got great flex I
think it's good
and like I said I just changed the rear
shocks I found rough country shock the
two point two is they gave me didn't
actually extend far enough and give you
the part number here in these ones fully
adjustable
these are Ranchos and the part number
for the rears RS nine nine nine zero
zero five and they're fully adjustable
that's it should give you a quick idea
like well I'm real happy with the cat
drives beautiful on the road what more
can I say well stay tuned for some
wheeling I hope you enjoyed it bye